
## Objective C conventions I learned about -
* **Class and method names** are much more descriptive than you might find with general C code functions or the C Standard Library, and **camel case is used for names with multiple words**
* Many Objective-C and framework features require you to follow **strict naming conventions** in order for various mechanisms to work correctly. Accessor method names, for example, must follow the conventions in order **to work with techniques such as Key-Value Coding (KVC) or Key-Value Observing (KVO).**
* **Objective-C classes must be named uniquely** not only within the code that you’re writing in a project, but also across any frameworks or bundles you might be including. As an example, you should avoid using generic class names like *ViewController* or *TextParser* because it’s possible a framework you include in your app may fail to follow conventions and create classes with the same names.
* In order **to keep class names unique**, the convention is to **use prefixes** on all classes such as NS, UI, AB, CA, CI. Your **own classes should use three letter prefixes**. These might relate to a combination of your company name and your app name, or even a specific component within your app. As an example, if your company were called Whispering Oak, and you were developing a game called Zebra Surprise, you might choose WZS or WOZ as your class prefix. Also name your classes **using a noun that makes it clear what the class represents.** Avoid abbreviating words in method names unless you are sure that the abbreviation is well known across multiple languages and cultures. A list of common abbreviations is given in [Acceptable Abbreviations and Acronyms](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/Cocoa/Conceptual/CodingGuidelines/Articles/APIAbbreviations.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/20001285)
* The ***methods*** that you declare need only be **unique within that class**. It’s common to use the same name as a method in another class, for example, either to override a superclass method, or take advantage of polymorphism. *Methods that perform the same task in multiple classes should have the same name, return type and parameter types*. Method names **do not have a prefix**, and should **start with a lowercase letter**; **camel case** is used again for multiple words. Also maintain a *balance between conciseness and verboseness for giving method names*
* The *first portion of the method name should indicate the **primary intent** or result of calling the method*. e.g. 
	* If a method returns a **value**, for example, the first word normally indicates **what will be returned, like the length, character... and substring**... methods. Multiple words are used if you need to indicate something important about the return value, as with the mutableCopy, capitalizedString or lastPathComponent methods from the NSString class.
	* If a method performs an **action**, such as writing to disk or enumerating the contents, the first word should **indicate that action**, as shown by the write... and enumerate... methods.
* Parameter ordering -
	* If a method includes an **error pointer parameter** to be set if an error occurred, this should be the **last parameter** to the method. 
	* If a method takes a block, the **block parameter** should be the last parameter in order to make any method invocations as readable as possible when specifying a block inline. For the same reason, it’s **best to avoid methods that take multiple block arguments**, wherever possible.
* A **local variable name** must not clash with any other variables declared within the **same scope**
* When you use the **@property syntax** to declare properties on an object, the compiler automatically **synthesizes the relevant getter and setter methods** (unless you indicate otherwise). 
* If you need to provide your own accessor method implementations for any reason, it’s important to make sure that you use the right method names for a property in order for your methods to be called through dot syntax, for example.
	* Unless specified otherwise, a **getter method** should use the **same name as the property**. For a property called firstName, the accessor method should also be called firstName. The **exception** to this rule is **for Boolean properties**, for which the **getter method should start with is**. For a property called paused, for example, the getter method should be called isPaused.
	* The **setter method** for a property should use the form **setPropertyName:**
